README.md, before:

# WSManDsc

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/dsccommunity/WsManDsc/_apis/build/status/dsccommunity.WSManDsc?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/dsccommunity/WsManDsc/_build/latest?definitionId=6&branchName=master)
![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/coverage/dsccommunity/WSManDsc/6/master)
[![Azure DevOps tests](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/tests/dsccommunity/WSManDsc/6/master)](https://dsccommunity.visualstudio.com/WSManDsc/_test/analytics?definitionId=6&contextType=build)
[![PowerShell Gallery (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/vpre/WSManDsc?label=WSManDsc%20Preview)](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/WSManDsc/)
[![PowerShell Gallery](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/WSManDsc?label=WSManDsc)](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/WSManDsc/)

The **WSManDsc** module contains DSC resources for configuring WS-Management and
PowerShell Remoting.

- **WSManListener**: Create, edit or remove WS-Management HTTP/HTTPS listeners.
- **WSManConfig**: Configure general WS-Man settings.
- **WSManServiceConfig**: Configure the WS-Man Service.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted this [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Quality

This module should meet the [PowerShell DSC Resource Kit High Quality Resource
Module Guidelines](https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/blob/master/HighQualityModuleGuidelines.md).

## Documentation and Examples

For a full list of resources in WSManDsc and examples on their use, check out
the [WSManDsc wiki](https://github.com/dsccommunity/WSManDsc/wiki).

## Contributing

Please check out common DSC Community [contributing guidelines](https://dsccommunity.org/guidelines/contributing).

## Change log

A full list of changes in each version can be found in the [change log](CHANGELOG.md).

Commit message:

Added Releases section to README.MD

README.md, after:

# WSManDsc

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/dsccommunity/WsManDsc/_apis/build/status/dsccommunity.WSManDsc?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/dsccommunity/WsManDsc/_build/latest?definitionId=6&branchName=master)
![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/coverage/dsccommunity/WSManDsc/6/master)
[![Azure DevOps tests](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/tests/dsccommunity/WSManDsc/6/master)](https://dsccommunity.visualstudio.com/WSManDsc/_test/analytics?definitionId=6&contextType=build)
[![PowerShell Gallery (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/vpre/WSManDsc?label=WSManDsc%20Preview)](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/WSManDsc/)
[![PowerShell Gallery](https://img.shields.io/powershellgallery/v/WSManDsc?label=WSManDsc)](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/WSManDsc/)

The **WSManDsc** module contains DSC resources for configuring WS-Management and
PowerShell Remoting.

- **WSManListener**: Create, edit or remove WS-Management HTTP/HTTPS listeners.
- **WSManConfig**: Configure general WS-Man settings.
- **WSManServiceConfig**: Configure the WS-Man Service.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted this [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Releases

For each merge to the branch `master` a preview release will be
deployed to [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/).
Periodically a release version tag will be pushed which will deploy a
full release to [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/).

## Contributing

Please check out common DSC Community [contributing guidelines](https://dsccommunity.org/guidelines/contributing).

## Quality

This module should meet the [PowerShell DSC Resource Kit High Quality Resource
Module Guidelines](https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/blob/master/HighQualityModuleGuidelines.md).

## Documentation and Examples

For a full list of resources in WSManDsc and examples on their use, check out
the [WSManDsc wiki](https://github.com/dsccommunity/WSManDsc/wiki).

## Change log

A full list of changes in each version can be found in the [change log](CHANGELOG.md).
